apple 15 red fruit
apple 15 red fruit
apple 15 red fruit
apricot 23 orange fruit
banana 8 yellow fruit
banana 8 yellow fruit
banana 8 yellow fruit
blackberry 28 black fruit
blueberry 27 blue fruit
cherry 3 red fruit
cherry 5 red fruit
coconut 26 brown tropical
currant 34 red fruit
date 12 brown fruit
dragonfruit 29 pink tropical
elderberry 25 purple fruit
fig 7 green fruit
grape 20 purple fruit
grapefruit 32 yellow citrus
kiwi 4 green fruit
kiwi 4 green fruit
lemon 6 yellow citrus
lime 2 green citrus
lychee 10 pink tropical
mango 18 orange tropical
melon 24 green fruit
mulberry 33 purple fruit
nectarine 11 orange fruit
orange 9 orange citrus
papaya 22 orange tropical
pear 5 green fruit
persimmon 35 orange fruit
plum 14 purple fruit
pomegranate 31 red fruit
quince 19 yellow fruit
raspberry 16 red fruit
strawberry 13 red fruit
tangerine 17 orange citrus
ugli 21 green citrus
watermelon 30 green fruit